/*
This Witcher 3 quest mod ties up one of its loose ends!
James
The Blood and Wine expansion finishes off The Witcher 3 in a satisfying way, leaving Geralt to enjoy his semi-retirement in a Toussaint winery. But there are always loose ends, and a quest mod called A Night to Remember aims to tie up one of them.

Remember Orianna? Spoilers for the events of Blood and Wine, which you'll need to have finished if you want to play A Night to Remember: she's the vampire Geralt uncovers and then spares, vowing that if he ever sees her again he'll finish what he started. That's the story this quest mod tells, complete with "new writing, cutscenes, voice acting, assets, a special reward, and some difficult decisions" according to its description.

The voice acting includes newly recorded voices for several characters, a lot of repurposed dialogue from the game (including a fair few of Geralt's lines), and some parts of of the launch cinematic also called A Night to Remember, which inspired this mod.
Games
games mods interesting
12
4
2021
*
Minecraft modders have sold a billion mods, made over $350M since Microsoft bought it
Rick
Microsoft announced its Q3 financial results on Tuesday, reporting a frankly incomprehensible $15.5 billion in net income. Windows revenue is up, and so is the gaming division, unsurprising given the launch of the new Xbox Series X and Series S. More interesting are the figures around Minecraft—specifically, how much money modders, rather than Microsoft itself, have made over the last few years.

"Creators have generated over $350 million from more than one billion downloads of mods, add-ons, and other experiences in Minecraft," Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella said in Microsoft's third quarter earnings call today. That means $350 million in just the last four years—Microsoft launched its official Minecraft marketplace in 2017. That figure doesn't include any mod sales through other channels.
Games
games mods wow worldwide
28
2
2021
*
TRAILER FOR THE FALCON AND THE WINTER SOLDIER'S FINAL EPISODES TEASES THE FIGHT YOU'VE BEEN WAITING FOR
Matthew
It feels like it only just got here, but The Falcon and the Winter Soldier is already almost over. The six-episode Disney+ miniseries has just two episodes left in its run, and that means things are coming to a head in Sam Wilson and Bucky Barnes' world of super soldier espionage. Now, with the final episodes on their way, Disney+ has released a new teaser that sets up the fight we've all been waiting for. So, what does that mean for the final episodes? According to this teaser, pretty much exactly what you think it does. After a quick recap of the series so far — from Sam and Bucky's tension over the former's decision to give up the shield, to battles with the Flag Smashers — we finally see what we've been waiting for at the end of this footage, and the tension is palpable.
Films
films series marvel media wow disney
13
3
2021
*
The Russo Brothers On Difficulty Of Recasting Hugh Jackman’s Wolverine For The MCU
Scott
The X-Men have always been a popular part of Marvel's comic book universe. And while the characters were instrumental in the early days of the boom that became the super hero movie craze, the film franchise was uneven at best. But if there's one thing that those movies did right, it was Wolverine. The most popular X-Men character was played perfectly by Hugh Jackman, so much so that Jackman's history is going to make it difficult to relaunch Wolverine in the MCU, according to the Russo Brothers.

"To realize him on screen, it’s very hard because Hugh Jackman’s performance is definitive. It’s like Batman; you have to really think of a way to, you have to really find the right actor to come in and give a really different take to that character. But I would really love to see him on screen" - Russo.
Films
series marvel media interesting disney
21
10
2020
*
Ukrainian music industry is too small for its artists
Artur
Russian show business is also more attractive to Ukrainian artists who prefer to sing in Russian. The quotas for Ukrainian-language songs on the radio tipped the scales in favor of Ukrainian-language music, decreasing the demand radio stations have for songs in Russian.

This also means that, to be heard on Ukrainian radio, musicians have to produce more songs in Ukrainian. But a Ukrainian-language repertoire can be less relevant for audiences in Western countries. So artists may have to create songs both in Ukrainian and foreign languages to be noticed in both domestic and international markets.

Besides quotas and the temptations of the Russian market, Ukrainian musicians face other problems: piracy remains rampant, destroying the music sales of artists, music labels, distribution and streaming platforms.

Because of this, the franchises of major music labels in Ukraine rarely sign contracts with Ukrainian artists. And although two of the world’s Big Three music labels have Ukrainian affiliates, they still work with Ukrainian artists through their Russian offices.
Music
international music ukraine
3
1
2021
*/